# Working with exceptions on your ZTP/RHACM infrastructure

[Red Hat ACM](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/management/advanced-cluster-management) allows you control from an Openshift Hub cluster, to deploy, upgrade, configure different Spoke clusters. It is an Openshift cluster that manages other clusters.

Together with this platform, your infrastructure, and the configuration of this infrastructure, can be defined using a [GitOps methodology and tools](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-deploying-far-edge-clusters-at-scale.html). 

The [PolicyGenTemplates](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-configuring-managed-clusters-policies.html) allows you to define the Policies that will manage the configuration of your infrastructure. These configurations will be linked to the group/clusters of you infrastructure with a set of labels:

```yaml
apiVersion: ran.openshift.io/v1
kind: PolicyGenTemplate
metadata:
  name: "group-du-sno"
  namespace: "ztp-group"
spec:
  bindingRules:
    group-du-sno: ""

```

All the clusters with the `group-du-sno:""` label, will be affected by the `Policies`generated by this `PolicyGenTemplate` or `PGT`.

All the clusters in this group are automatically configured according to this PGT. But, what happens if we need to make exceptions? What if a cluster, that logically belongs to that group, needs to be configured exceptionally? 

We need to set exceptions, but,  we dont want to make the cluster to be out of this group. Because it actually (and logically) belongs to it, and because, it would be affected by other configurations, for that group, that we want to happen. Maybe, this exceptional behavior is going to be temporal.  

Therefore, the mechanism that we will use cannot brake with the logic of groups. The cluster will belong to that group, with some exceptional configurations. And the most important thing: "the exceptional configuration of that cluster would be reverted. Making the cluster to be configured exactly the same than the other components of the group". 

The following procedure shows up how to manage your Zero Touch Provisioning with exceptions on configurations, and an easy way of revert exceptions back to a normal configuration.


